You.
Wow.
And you're not loyal, you're not filial, you're ungrateful.
It's useless for humans.
Officials remember you young and strong
Narrow-mindedness and lack of understanding
If you bow down today, my lady,
This official can still beg the lady to leave you a way of life.
If not
Let me apologize to this girl.
Dream
I, Li Van Hieu, am now the son-in-law of the To family.
Princess Yoshiko
Your Majesty chose the King of Security.
In time I will rule the earth.
Voltage panties
At that point I want to see it.
Who would dare speak in front of me?
Exactly.
Our house is Van Hieu but the favor of the chief princess.
What if you were the Prime Minister?
Our house is not afraid.
My husband just scared people.
Get this woman on her knees and apologize to us.
Ben, don't worry.
For your husband, this will be justice for you.
Lord Liu thousands of leaders
Don't forget.
Your Majesty's chariot and the princess's phoenix are on their way to Su's house.
Are you sure you want to fight me for this woman?
Li Huining.
Before you said I tend to.
Self-deprecation as a husband
But now you haven't relied on their power to brag in front of me.
Don't you find it funny?
You think we're fighting?
It's their potential.
Haha, what if not?
Do you still have something to be proud of?
Don't be kidding, I know your identity best.
You're a despicable, despicable rural woman.
Even if you have mercy on Master Liu
You can't even climb into his bed.
Presumptuous.
The little animal dared to talk.
I pulled out your tongue.
What, she can do it, can't I say?
Waiting for the Princess to arrive.
I will see who is proud in front of me.